Add changelog entry for OAuth 2 blank redirect URL impactful change (#44)
box/box-developer-changelog: content/2020/09-29-changes-to-oauth-2-app-redirect-url-requirements.md

---
applied_at: "2020-10-29"
applies_to: 
- api
- sdks
is_impactful: true
is_new_feature: false
collapse: true
show_excerpt: true
release_source_url: ''
---

> # Changes to OAuth 2 app redirect URL requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Change to OAuth 2 app redirect URI requirements
```

On October 29th, 2020, Box will begin employing stricter requirements for

> redirect URLs used within new and existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
redirect URIs used within new and existing
```

> [OAuth 2](g://authentication/oauth2/) based Box integrations that may affect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OAuth 2](g://authentication/oauth2/)-based Box integrations that may affect
```

your application.

> Existing application owners that currently use a blank redirect URL in their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing application owners that currently use a blank redirect URI in their
```

> application configuration, as

Reviewer: How exactly is a blank redirect URI possible? I get a warning when I try to keep it blank.

Author: These are apps that were created before the checks were put in place. They were grandfathered in.

Reviewer: Ah ok, that makes sense.

[described here](g://applications/custom-apps/oauth2-setup/#redirect-uri), will

> need to update the redirect URL to match the redirect used within the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to update the redirect URI to match the redirect used within the code
```

redirect step,
[described here](g://authentication/oauth2/with-sdk/#2-redirect-user). 

> On October 29th, 2020, applications that are still configured with a blank URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From October 29th, 2020 onward, Box Apps that are still configured with a blank URI
```

> will begin returning an error when the user is redirected back to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will begin returning an error when the user is redirected back to the
```

> application if URL adjustments aren't made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application if the URI adjustment has not been made.
```

> All impacted application owners and collaborators have been notified via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have notified all impacted application owners and collaborators via
```

the email address associated with their developer account.

## How to validate and make the change

> To validate your redirect URL and update your application(s) if they are

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To validate your redirect URI and update your affected application(s) 
```

> affected, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, take the following steps:
```

* Go to the
 [Box developer console](https://cloud.app.box.com/developers/console) as the
 user who owns the application(s).

> * For each OAuth 2 application, click on the application to open it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For each **Custom App** using **OAuth 2** (client-side authentication) click on the application to open it.
```

> * From the left navigation, click on "Configuration".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From the left navigation, click on **Configuration**.
```

> * Scroll down to the "OAuth 2.0 Redirect URI" section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Scroll down to the **OAuth 2.0 Redirect URI** section. 
```

> * For any application where this URL is blank, add the URL that is being used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For any application where this URI is blank, add the full URI that is being used
```

 in the application code when redirecting the user back to your application
 from the Box auth step,

>  [described here](g://authentication/oauth2/with-sdk/#2-redirect-user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [as is described in this guide](g://authentication/oauth2/with-sdk/#2-redirect-user).
```
